Ian Miller is a new software engineer intern at OpenShift AI based in Dublin. As a part of onboarding Jira, I will introduce myself and tell a bit more about myself. My name is Ian Miller, I was born at Moscow, Russia and now I'm TU856/2 student of Bachelor's degree in Computer Science at Technological University Dublin and I co-founded a startup called Pocket Sport where I led the design and development of the website allowing users to rapidly find, create and participate in any team sport game located on public and private sports grounds in the UK, Ireland and France. During my internship at Buffetts On Crows I engineered and implemented the unit-tested REST API for payment and renewal subscription on private Telegram channels via Tether (USDT) verifying transaction hash on Tron blockchain. When I was working at MixBytes as a Web3 Smart Contract Auditor I helped the company to improve security of the LitraDeFi protocol by creating a report with 42 found critical vulnerabilities in smart contracts using Solidity. As a result, I have gained experience in building REST APIs combined with DevOps skills working in Linux environment and Frontend skills. I am experienced in Python, SQL, Django Rest Framework, JavaScript, React, Docker, PostgreSQL, Nginx and cloud platforms like Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services and Railway Cloud.
Secondly, I successfully graduated with my Pocket Sport startup from TUD GrowthHub iVenture accelerator program and gained strong project management, ownership, entrepreneurship and soft skills working in a team.
Thirdly, since I thoroughly enjoy programming, I have participated in various tech hackathons such as HackIreland Hackathon where me and my team built the contract fulfilling platform that uses stablecoins USDC on Sepolia Ethereum's testnet for payments and third-party authorization for contract disputes. Also, Huawei Hackathon Tech Arena, where my team took 6th place in final competition phase for optimizing profit from selling CPU and GPU servers in real time and awarded a certificate in Workday Hackathon for the best GUI experience developed a desktop posture monitoring app for software engineers and IT specialists using TensorFlow and OpenCV for ML, PyQT. Also, my team took 2nd place with total earnings 100€ solving many cryptographic, web, programming and mathematics problems at Cybersecurity ZeroDays CTF.
Also, I was a semi professional football player at Russia. I played football since 5 y.o. till 19 y.o.